#summary Setting up the rFramework in order to start building your website

= Installation =

The first thing you probably want to do is download the latest version of
the rFramework, go to the download page to do so!

  # Upload the example *index.php* and *config.php*
  # Upload the folders *Framework*, *Skin* and *Sources* from the archive

== Setting up config.php ==

{{{
$conf['site_name'] = 'Your Website';
$conf['title_seperator'] = ' - ';
$conf['base_url'] = 'http://yoursite.com/';
}}}

The *site_name* setting and *title_seperator* affect the <title> tag
in your HTML headers.
If you set the current page's title to be '*hello*' in a module file,
it would look like '*hello - Your Website*' with the default settings.

{{{
// enable
$conf['use_db'] = 1;

// database
$conf['sql_method'] = 'mysql';
$conf['sql_host'] = 'localhost';
$conf['sql_user'] = 'root';
$conf['sql_password'] = '';
$conf['sql_database'] = 'website';
}}}

If you set *use_db* to 1, the framework will enable PEAR's DB database
abstraction layer. Use the other SQL related settings to configure your database login.

PEAR's DB database abstraction layer supports over 5 database engines, you might want to read it's manual [http://pear.php.net/manual/en/package.database.db.php PEAR DB Manual]

{{{
// skin
$conf['stylesheet'] = array( 'styles.css' );
$conf['script'] = array( 'scripts.css' );
$conf['skin_dir'] = 'Skin/';
}}}

The setting *stylesheet* holds an array of stylesheets. Add more array nodes
in order to add multiple stylesheets.

{{{
$conf['stylesheet'] = array( 'styles.css', 'IE6.css', 'IE7.css' );
}}}
_Multiple stylesheets attached to your page_

It works exactly the same for scripts.

{{{
// html
$conf['lineend'] = 'unix';
$conf['doctype'] = 'XHTML 1.0 Transitional';
$conf['html_lang'] = 'en';
$conf['cache'] = 'false';
}}}

This part of the settings sets up the HTML header output, defaulting to XHTML 1.0
Transitional, cache disabled (REQUIRED for dynamic websites)

